Update usage guide to mention github.actor instead of the legacy approaches (#22)
nektos/act-docs: src/usage/index.md

## Skipping jobs

> You can take advantage of the github.actor context property, which is normally the user who initiated the workflow. Act sets this to 'nektos/act'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can take advantage of the github.actor context property, which is normally the user who initiated the workflow. Act sets this to `nektos/act`.
```
